"Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid" - Albert Einstein
"Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get" - Ingrid Bergman
"Today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is youer than you" -Dr. Seuss
"You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them" - Michael Jordan
"Wherever you go, go with all your heart" - Confucius
"It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere" - Agnes Repplier
"Dream as if you will live forever, live as if you will die today" - James Dean
"If it weren't for the last minute, I wouldn't get anything done" - Author Unknown
"The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Never, never, never give up" - Winston Churchill
"Only as high as I can reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be" - Karen Ravn
"Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be" - George Sheehan
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning" - Albert Einstein "Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow'" - Mary Anne Radmacher
"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Inspiration and genius--one and the same" - Victor Hugo
"Every artist was first an amateur" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action" - Benjamin Disraeli
"No great man every complains of want of opportunities" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take" - Wayne Gretzky
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind" - Dr. Seuss
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened" - Dr. Seuss
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple" - Dr. Seuss
"Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference"
"It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, 'Always do what you are afraid to do'" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of great discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So love the people who treat you right and forget the ones that don't. Believe that everything happens for a reason. If you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said it would be easy, they just said it would be worth it" - Anonymous
"Everything in life is temporary. When things are going good, enjoy it because it won't last forever. And if things are going bad, don't worry, it can't last forever either" - Anonymous
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible" - Arthur C. Clarke
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit" - Aristotle
"Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us" - Samuel Smiles
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do" - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"We are still masters of our fate, we are still captains of our souls" - Winston Churchill
"Nothing great was every achieved without enthusiasm" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"For everything you have missed, you have gained something else. And for everything you gain, you lose something else" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising which tempt you to believe that your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires courage" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"No longer forward nor behind I look in hope and fear; but grateful take the good I find, the best of now and here" - John G. Whittier
"Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight" - Benjamin Franklin
"Present fears are less than horrible imaginings" - William Shakespeare
"The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory"
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself to the ground and miss" - Douglas Adams
"Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling it brings"
"Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils" - Louis Hector Berlioz
"As you enter positions of trust and power, dream a little before you think" - Toni Morrison
"At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint, or even remember it. It is enough" - Toni Morrison
"We immediately become more effective when we decide to change ourselves rather than asking things to change for us"
"Seek first to understand, and then to be understood"
"The way we see the problem is the problem. The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook" - William James
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one" - Albert Einstein
"A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs--jolted by every pebble in the road" - Henry Ward Beecher
"The reason so few people are successful is no one has yet found a way for someone to sit down and slide uphill" - W. Clement Stone
"If at first you don't succeed, think how many people you've made happy" - H. Duane Black
"Don't wait for a light to appear at the end of the tunnel, stride down there and light the bloody thing yourself" - Sara Henderson
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go" - Oscar Wilde
"A smile confuses an approaching frown"
"Some people walk in the rain. Others just get wet" - Roger Miller
"The greatest thief in this world ever produced is procrastination, and he is still at large" - Henry Wheeler Shaw
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us" - Helen
Keller
"In hopes of reaching the moon, men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet" - Albert Schweitzer
"Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss, you land among the stars"
"Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the byproduct of other activities" - Aldous Huxley
"Happiness is not a matter of events, it depends on the tides of the mind" - Alice Mevnell
"To be whole, let yourself break. To be straight, let yourself bend. To be full, let yourself be empty. To be new, let yourself wear out. To have everything, give everything up" - Taoism Teachings
"Be yourself, take control of your life" - Emily Bunton
"I wanted to change the world, but I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself" - Aldous Huxley
"The most terrifying thing is to accept oneself completely" - Carl Jung
"The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in" - Morrie Schwartz
"Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive" - Howard Thurman
"Whenever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness" - Seneca
"The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning" - Mitch Albom
"Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for" - Epicurus
"I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being" - Confucius
"It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere" - Agnes Repplier
"Carpe diem! Rejoice while you are alive; enjoy the day; live life to the fullest; make the most of what you have. It is later than you think" - Horace
"Count your age by friends, count your life by smiles"
"For every minute you're angry with someone, you lose 60 seconds of happiness you can never get back" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It takes 17 muscles to smile and 42 muscles to frown"
Cupcakes
"I find the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have" - Thomas Jefferson
"Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be" - Abraham Lincoln
"Be the change you wish to see in the world" – Gandhi
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step" - Chinese Proverb
"A smile will gain you ten more years of life" - Chinese Proverb
"Experience is a comb which nature gives us when we are bald" - Chinese Proverb
"Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still" - Chinese Proverb
"Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one" - Chinese Proverb
"He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool
forever" - Chinese Proverb
"An inch of time is an inch of gold but you can't buy that inch of time with an
inch of gold" - Chinese Proverb
"Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it" - Confucius
"Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses" - Confucius
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand" - Confucius
"Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in getting up every time we do" - Confucius
